gh-120170: Exclude __mp_main__ in C version of whichmodule() (#120171)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-06-06-17-49-07.gh-issue-120170.DUxhmT.rst

> We fixed an issue in the :mod:`!_pickle` extension module in which importing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue in the :mod:`!_pickle` extension module in which importing
```
